Now we want to introduce you to the family Schramm who he has in common
With their three children living proud may reason be the eig DAC
anything but commonplace for her branch which she never has a very
Rare team I do not like that 10 goals in the evening
after this
First glance, Nina is a happy little girl in kindergarten
frolicking
she allowed there
a particularly light skin and bright blue eyes
and Nina laughs too
just because
Toni Kroos
but that is a feature of their disease because Nina has the rare thing about the
Mainz threaten in their case a spontaneous non-inherited gene mutation in the
Area of ​​the coach to the 15
she has enormous powers
she can not pass and a high pain threshold »
she has lived up to her misplaced light-weight disturbances and is in demand
many also have little sleep but a lot of attention
in Kahl Schubert kindergarten in Vienna is dedicated to minimizing children and
bring them things that they do not control on their own they can still do
do not speak
Parish not yet click necessary
Chikhaoui storms alone is not yet clear
an appointment came to the world everything seemed to be in order
Martinus and her husband happily took their second child here
but Nina developed more slowly and completely differently than her older brother
At some point, it is no longer enough for parents to hear from doctors Vienna
just be delayed in development her father is watching them more closely
our made and everything
as colorful as the one in her hand
and has seen in him that lies by this other only point
caused by it I think I know that against him accusation that one can
able to see
and he then read what it means
they are very heavy and very violent I do not think so
he
but the master and his star he first has the first ass
and it has too much
this means that it is extremely low
terribly the Swans did not know how to proceed
that has just returned
for environmental issues a first study of the child now the
World come and then suddenly Merz said maybe I can do that and so
as severely handicapped
on the train
the need to do something
the Schanzer hired one
founded an attempted by the students money for research the more
less likely to get illness
At the moment the fashion designer is working on the model for children
a drawings for a book about Nina should contribute to more
To create understanding for children
that are just different
Certainty he should either force it a lot OK
but I stop too
everything is there
warmly for me
Here you are doing everything to make the National Mall grow up as possible
can
today comes the reptiles and the only visit
the strong does not mean that it will be a short reminder
if the system of greeting cards
and his team started the tournament in the beginning to Mastercard and employees
Gröber and if they led to protests the need and suitable for
Freeze Trevor Huggins even on the dog already necessary
Names and percentages also partially out there has consistently been company
that was easy to see
she has the job until 10 the act he also get to know
with Denise Peikert mostly helps where she can
This is particularly impressive of him as a normal weight currently but will
missed the goal narrowly missed next explained
and already intensively advised as she is
and make the best of it
Uncertainty of Muslera the Energiewende
they were not in shape at the scene of the fire and there are others
opinions
on Martins her husband Thomas appreciates that
Vote for the market
really great
Lysak what you just released on the weekend publisher's knowledge of the
to give public
in the job it is modern of Frankfurter work and then I realize
not at a
Bayern a year ago in the mouths then mummies that that was a madness
Of course, too
on Monday when the employer is almost a vacation
meanwhile, Mina is also well integrated in the neighborhood
and so the house feels more and more
it is important for us now that
that does not make many »
RTL Interactive RP
and early trade
Day that's right
Source AP HB s
Kristina Schröder
we want that way
yes I do not know
hide
The coach knows exactly through that helps years 9 children »
Thomas Ranz have become a good team
hope in the socket
Nena and the others can help a single person in the best possible way
and they are fine